1. Which of the following physical security controls provide protection against laptop theft? 
 Cable lock
 Laptop lock 

2.Portable devices combining the capabilities of mobile phones and handheld PCs are commonly called:
  Smartphones

3.A type of portable device primarily designed for document access is known as a
  E-reader

4. Which of the following are ways of creating a wireless/cellular data network by using a mobile device
  Hotspot 
  Tethering
  Bluetooth

5.Which of the following is a security feature used in Bluetooth device pairing?
  Pincode

6.POP3 is used for:
  Email retrieval

7.Which of the following describe IMAP?
  Offers improved functionality in comparison to POP3 
  Serves the same function as POP3 

8.What are the characteristic features of the secure version of IMAP?
   Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) 
   TCP port 993 
   Transport Layer Security

9.What are the basic settings required for configuring a POP3 connection?
   Password
   TcpPort 110
   POP3 username
   POP3 servername

10. What are the basic settings required for configuring an IMAP connection?
   TCP port
   Password
   IMAP username
   IMAP servername

11. Which of the following can be used as a reference during a mobile device update process?
    PRI-The Primary Rate Interface (PRI) is a telecommunications interface standard used on an     Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) for carrying multiple DS0 voice and data     transmissions between the network and a user.

12. A database on a mobile device containing bands, sub-bands and service provider IDs allowing     the device to establish connection with the right cell phone tower is called
    PRL- PRL stands for Preferred Roaming List and is a database used in CDMA (think Sprint and     Verizon here) phones.

13. A unique number used to identify a mobile network phone user is a
    IMSI- International mobile Subscriber Identity is used to identify the user of a cellular     network and is a unique identification associated with all cellular networks.

 14.An authentication subsystem that enables a user to access multiple, connected system         components (such as separate hosts on a network) after a single login on only one of the         components is commonly called:
    SSO

15. Examples of mobile device synchronization methods for Apple iOS devices include: (Select all     that apply
    ITUNES
    ICLOUD

16.  Which of the following are examples of universal connection types that enable mobile device      sunchronization
   IEEE 802.11
   USB-C
   Cellular 
   Bluetooth
   IEEE 802.3

17. Which of the following are Apple-proprietary connector types that can be used for iOS mobile     device synchronization? 
    8-pin dock connector (a.k.a. Lightning connector) 
    30 pin dock connector

18. Which USB connector type can be used on an Android device for mobile device synchronization?
    USB micro B

19. Telnet
    Provides username & password authentication 
    Transmits data in an unencrypted form 
    Enables remote login and command execution 

20. The SMTP protocol is used for: 
    Sending email messages between mail servers
    Sending email messages from a client device 

21. IMAP is used for:
    Retrieving email messages from a mail server 



   
